Adapting SpriteBatchComponent constructors to other components (#643)
flame-engine/flame: CHANGELOG.md

## [next]
 - Moving device related methods (like `fullScreen`) from `util.dart` to `device.dart`
 - Moving render functions from `util.dart` to `extensions/canvas.dart`

>  - Adapting SpriteBatchComponent contructors to match the pattern followed on other components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Adapting SpriteBatchComponent constructors to match the pattern used on other components
```
